com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/EmptyListViewBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.EmptyListViewBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/feedsfolders/ManageFeedsFoldersViewModel.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.ManageFeedsFoldersViewModel
com/devops/redrops/app/feedsfolders/feeds/FeedsFragment.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.FeedsFragment
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.FeedsFragment$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.FeedsFragment$2
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityItemBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityItemBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/addfeed/AccountArrayAdapter.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.AccountArrayAdapter
com/devops/redrops/app/repositories/ARepository.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.repositories.ARepository
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/Utils.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.Utils
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/NotificationPermissionLayoutBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.NotificationPermissionLayoutBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/account/AccountTypeListAdapter.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AccountTypeListAdapter
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AccountTypeListAdapter$AccountTypeViewHolder
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AccountTypeListAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityNotificationPermissionBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityNotificationPermissionBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/item/ItemViewModel.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.item.ItemViewModel
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/GlideApp.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.GlideApp
com/devops/redrops/app/feedsfolders/feeds/EditFeedDialogFragment.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.EditFeedDialogFragment
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/AccountTypeItemBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.AccountTypeItemBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityManageFeedsFoldersBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityManageFeedsFoldersBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/FolderOptionsLayoutBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.FolderOptionsLayoutBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/FeedOptionsLayoutBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.FeedOptionsLayoutBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/settings/AccountSettingsFragment.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.settings.AccountSettingsFragment
 com.devops.redrops.app.settings.AccountSettingsFragment$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.settings.AccountSettingsFragment$2
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityWebViewBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityWebViewBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityAccountTypeListBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityAccountTypeListBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/AddFeedItemBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.AddFeedItemBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/feedsfolders/folders/FoldersFragment.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.folders.FoldersFragment
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.folders.FoldersFragment$1
com/devops/redrops/app/repositories/LocalFeedRepository.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.repositories.LocalFeedRepository
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/FeedLayoutBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.FeedLayoutBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/feedsfolders/ManageFeedsFoldersActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.ManageFeedsFoldersActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.ManageFeedsFoldersActivity$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.ManageFeedsFoldersActivity$FeedsFoldersPageAdapter
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/FragmentFeedsBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.FragmentFeedsBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/GlideOptions.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.GlideOptions
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
com/devops/redrops/app/itemslist/MainItemListAdapter.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainItemListAdapter
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainItemListAdapter$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainItemListAdapter$ItemViewHolder
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainItemListAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/FolderLayoutBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.FolderLayoutBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/account/AccountTypeListActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AccountTypeListActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AccountTypeListActivity$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AccountTypeListActivity$2
com/readrops/app/ReadropsDebugApp.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.ReadropsDebugApp
com/devops/redrops/app/addfeed/ParsingResult.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.ParsingResult
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.ParsingResult$ParsingResultViewHolder
com/devops/redrops/app/account/AddAccountActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AddAccountActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AddAccountActivity$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AddAccountActivity$2
com/devops/redrops/app/itemslist/DrawerManager.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.DrawerManager
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.DrawerManager$1
com/devops/redrops/app/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.settings.SettingsFragment
com/devops/redrops/app/account/AccountViewModel.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.account.AccountViewModel
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/EditFeedLayoutBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.EditFeedLayoutBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityAddFeedBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityAddFeedBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.BuildConfig
com/devops/redrops/app/itemslist/MainActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainActivity$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainActivity$2
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainActivity$3
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainActivity$4
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainActivity$5
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainActivity$6
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/GlideRequests.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.GlideRequests
com/devops/redrops/app/addfeed/FeedInsertionResult.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.FeedInsertionResult
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.FeedInsertionResult$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.FeedInsertionResult$FeedInsertionError
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.FeedInsertionResult$FeedInsertionViewHolder
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/SharedPreferencesManager.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.SharedPreferencesManager
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.SharedPreferencesManager$SharedPrefKey
com/devops/redrops/app/settings/SettingsActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.settings.SettingsActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.settings.SettingsActivity$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.settings.SettingsActivity$SettingsKey
com/devops/redrops/app/feedsfolders/folders/FoldersAdapter.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.folders.FoldersAdapter
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.folders.FoldersAdapter$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.folders.FoldersAdapter$FolderViewHolder
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.folders.FoldersAdapter$ManageFoldersListener
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/HtmlParser.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.HtmlParser
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivityAddAccountBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivityAddAccountBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/repositories/FreshRSSRepository.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.repositories.FreshRSSRepository
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/customviews/ReadropsWebView.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.customviews.ReadropsWebView
com/devops/redrops/app/addfeed/AddFeedActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.AddFeedActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.AddFeedActivity$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.AddFeedActivity$2
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.AddFeedActivity$3
com/devops/redrops/app/addfeed/AddFeedsViewModel.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.addfeed.AddFeedsViewModel
com/devops/redrops/app/item/ItemActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.item.ItemActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.item.ItemActivity$1
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/FeedInsertionResultBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.FeedInsertionResultBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/utils/GlideRequest.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.utils.GlideRequest
com/devops/redrops/app/feedsfolders/feeds/FeedsAdapter.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.FeedsAdapter
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.FeedsAdapter$1
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.FeedsAdapter$FeedViewHolder
 com.devops.redrops.app.feedsfolders.feeds.FeedsAdapter$ManageFeedsListener
com/devops/redrops/app/itemslist/MainViewModel.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.itemslist.MainViewModel
com/devops/redrops/app/SplashActivity.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.SplashActivity
 com.devops.redrops.app.SplashActivity$1
com/devops/redrops/app/repositories/NextNewsRepository.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.repositories.NextNewsRepository
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/devops/redrops/app/databinding/FragmentFoldersBinding.java
 com.devops.redrops.app.databinding.FragmentFoldersBinding
