com/readrops/db/entities/Feed.java
 com.readrops.db.entities.Feed
 com.readrops.db.entities.Feed$1
com/readrops/db/filters/ListSortType.java
 com.readrops.db.filters.ListSortType
com/readrops/db/RoomFactoryWrapper.java
 com.readrops.db.RoomFactoryWrapper
 com.readrops.db.RoomFactoryWrapper$DataSourceWrapper
com/readrops/db/pojo/FolderWithFeedCount.java
 com.readrops.db.pojo.FolderWithFeedCount
com/readrops/db/dao/ItemDao.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao
com/readrops/db/dao/StarredItemDao_Impl.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$10
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$11
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$11$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$2
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$3
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$4
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$5
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$6
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$7
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$8
 com.readrops.db.dao.StarredItemDao_Impl$9
com/readrops/db/entities/account/Account.java
 com.readrops.db.entities.account.Account
 com.readrops.db.entities.account.Account$1
com/readrops/db/dao/BaseDao.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.BaseDao
com/readrops/db/entities/account/AccountConfig.java
 com.readrops.db.entities.account.AccountConfig
 com.readrops.db.entities.account.AccountConfig$AccountConfigBuilder
com/readrops/db/entities/Folder.java
 com.readrops.db.entities.Folder
 com.readrops.db.entities.Folder$1
com/readrops/db/entities/Item.java
 com.readrops.db.entities.Item
com/readrops/db/dao/FolderDao.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao
com/readrops/db/dao/FolderDao_Impl.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$10
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$11
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$2
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$3
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$4
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$5
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$6
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$7
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$8
 com.readrops.db.dao.FolderDao_Impl$9
com/readrops/db/dao/FeedDao_Impl.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$10
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$11
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$12
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$13
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$14
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$15
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$16
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$17
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$18
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$19
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$2
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$20
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$3
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$4
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$5
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$6
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$7
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$8
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao_Impl$9
com/readrops/db/dao/ItemsIdsDao_Impl.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemsIdsDao_Impl
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemsIdsDao_Impl$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemsIdsDao_Impl$2
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemsIdsDao_Impl$3
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemsIdsDao_Impl$4
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemsIdsDao_Impl$5
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemsIdsDao_Impl$6
com/readrops/db/dao/ItemDao_Impl.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$10
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$11
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$12
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$13
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$14
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$15
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$16
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$17
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$18
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$19
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$2
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$20
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$21
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$21$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$3
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$4
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$5
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$6
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$7
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$8
 com.readrops.db.dao.ItemDao_Impl$9
com/readrops/db/Database_Impl.java
 com.readrops.db.Database_Impl
 com.readrops.db.Database_Impl$1
com/readrops/db/pojo/FeedWithFolder.java
 com.readrops.db.pojo.FeedWithFolder
 com.readrops.db.pojo.FeedWithFolder$1
com/readrops/db/dao/AccountDao.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao
com/readrops/db/entities/account/AccountType.java
 com.readrops.db.entities.account.AccountType
 com.readrops.db.entities.account.AccountType$1
com/readrops/db/Converters.java
 com.readrops.db.Converters
com/readrops/db/dao/FeedDao.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.FeedDao
com/readrops/db/dao/AccountDao_Impl.java
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$1
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$10
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$11
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$12
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$13
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$14
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$15
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$16
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$17
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$2
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$3
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$4
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$5
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$6
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$7
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$8
 com.readrops.db.dao.AccountDao_Impl$9
com/readrops/db/filters/FilterType.java
 com.readrops.db.filters.FilterType
com/readrops/db/pojo/ItemWithFeed.java
 com.readrops.db.pojo.ItemWithFeed
